# A0 Build a Linear regression model
For this tutorial, I imported scikit library: sklearn based on tutorial and set values of test_size = 20%, this results in X_test and y_test to receive 20% of rows and X_train and y_train to receive 80%. I selected these values based on multiple iterations and choosing different values. I believe these values are the best as the test size of 20% as it prevents too much training data from being lost and ensures there is still enough samples to reliably estimate. I also observed a unique error where if I changed the value of alpha to 1e-4 it would print infinite cost for later iterations. And when alpha is too small the data barely changes. Based on equations for gradient descent, alpha sets the learning rate and as such can either result in really large values or very small increments, thus I chose to leave it as is from the tutorial.  
Secondly, the compute cost lasso function was made to compute the total cost for lasso regression. We compute predictions using the standard linear regression model = y_hat = Xw + B
We also compute the squared error to measure how far the predictions are from the true values using :   SSE=∑_(i=1)^m▒〖〖(y^ ^〗^i 〖-y〗^i)〗^2
We also measure the L1 penalty which is used for regularization of weights and penalizes weights :
L1 penality=∑_(i=1)^n▒〖|Wj|〗
We use these respective values to finally calculate the total cost for lasso regression.
Visualizing the data points from the model was easy, however, understanding the tutorial was hard, I had to read a few different articles and use help from LLMs to explain concepts and use the correct libraries. I also found it very hard to set up the environment for python to run these models. I struggled with importing panda and tried accessing IntelliJ and Pycharm from JetBrains. I tried downloading it using VSCode but struggled to set it up and also couldn’t use matplotlib on VSCode due to it being unable to locate the source code. Instead, I had to use Jupyter Notebook since it was my most commonly used and recently updated IDE. 
For my resources, I used the provided article, and  LLMs such as chatgpt to help me clarify concepts and provide clear formulas to understand as well as setup my python environment.
ML linear regression article: Linear Regression (Python Implementation) - GeeksforGeeks: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/machine-learning/linear-regression-python-implementation/ 
Lasso regression article: Implementation of Lasso Regression From Scratch using Python - GeeksforGeeks: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/machine-learning/implementation-of-lasso-regression-from-scratch-using-python/ 

